README.md, before:

# 🎓 Career Success Agent Suite

Welcome to the Career Success Agent Suite! This project is designed to help you achieve career success by providing personalized insights and targeted advice. Using state-of-the-art AI technologies, our suite of agents analyzes your profile and gives you a comprehensive report with guidelines to enhance your suitability for specific job opportunities.

## 📋 Table of Contents

- [Introduction](#introduction)
- [Features](#features)
- [Installation](#installation)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [Agents](#agents)
- [Industry Expert](#industry-expert)
- [CV Analyzer](#cv-analyzer)
- [Career Consultant](#career-consultant)
- [Technologies](#technologies)
- [Contributing](#contributing)
- [License](#license)
- [Contact](#contact)

## 🌟 Introduction

The Career Success Agent Suite leverages AI to provide you with personalized career advice. By simply uploading your CV and providing some job information, our agents will analyze your profile and generate a report with actionable insights to help you land your dream job.

## 🚀 Features

- **Industry Expert Agent**: Provides insights from industry standards and trends.
- **CV Analyzer Agent**: Analyzes your CV to identify strengths and areas for improvement.
- **Career Consultant Agent**: Offers personalized advice to enhance your career prospects.
- **User-Friendly GUI**: A simple and intuitive interface built with Streamlit.

## 🛠️ Installation

To get started, clone the repository and install the required dependencies.

```bash
git https://github.com/RegiReis7/career-success-agent-suite
cd career-success-agent-suite
poetry install
```

## 💻 Usage

To run the application, use the following command:

```bash
streamlit run app.py
```

Once the application is running, you can upload your CV and provide job information to get a personalized career report.

## 👥 Agents

### 🧑‍🏫 Industry Expert

The Industry Expert agent leverages industry standards and trends to provide insights on your career path. It helps you understand what is expected in your field and how you can meet or exceed those expectations.

### 📄 CV Analyzer

The CV Analyzer agent reviews your CV to highlight your strengths and identify areas that need improvement. It ensures your CV is tailored to the job opportunities you're interested in.

### 🗣️ Career Consultant

The Career Consultant agent offers personalized advice based on your profile analysis. It provides guidelines and actionable steps to enhance your career prospects, ensuring you have the best chance of success in your job search.

## 🧰 Technologies

This project utilizes the following technologies:

- **Python**: The core programming language.
- **CrewAI**: Framework for building a crew of AI agents.
- **Langchain**: Framework for building language model applications.
- **Streamlit**: Framework for creating a user-friendly web interface.

## 🤝 Contributing

We welcome contributions! If you'd like to contribute, please fork the repository and use a feature branch. Pull requests are warmly welcome.

1. Fork the repository
2. Create a feature branch (`git checkout -b feature-branch`)
3. Commit your changes (`git commit -am 'Add new feature'`)
4. Push to the branch (`git push origin feature-branch`)
5. Create a new Pull Request

## 📜 License

This project is licensed under the MIT License. See the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for more details.

## 📧 Contact

For any questions, feel free to reach out:

- Email: [reginaldo@live.com.pt](mailto:reginaldo@live.com.pt)
- GitHub: [RegiReis7](https://github.com/RegiReis7)

---

Thank you for using the Career Success Agent Suite! We hope it helps you achieve your career goals. 🚀

Commit message:

"Added note about MISTRAL_API_KEY environment variable in README.md"

README.md, after:

# 🎓 Career Success Agent Suite

Welcome to the Career Success Agent Suite! This project is designed to help you achieve career success by providing personalized insights and targeted advice. Using state-of-the-art AI technologies, our suite of agents analyzes your profile and gives you a comprehensive report with guidelines to enhance your suitability for specific job opportunities.

## 📋 Table of Contents

- [Introduction](#introduction)
- [Features](#features)
- [Installation](#installation)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [Agents](#agents)
- [Industry Expert](#industry-expert)
- [CV Analyzer](#cv-analyzer)
- [Career Consultant](#career-consultant)
- [Technologies](#technologies)
- [Contributing](#contributing)
- [License](#license)
- [Contact](#contact)

## 🌟 Introduction

The Career Success Agent Suite leverages AI to provide you with personalized career advice. By simply uploading your CV and providing some job information, our agents will analyze your profile and generate a report with actionable insights to help you land your dream job.

## 🚀 Features

- **Industry Expert Agent**: Provides insights from industry standards and trends.
- **CV Analyzer Agent**: Analyzes your CV to identify strengths and areas for improvement.
- **Career Consultant Agent**: Offers personalized advice to enhance your career prospects.
- **User-Friendly GUI**: A simple and intuitive interface built with Streamlit.

## 🛠️ Installation

To get started, clone the repository and install the required dependencies.

```bash
git https://github.com/RegiReis7/career-success-agent-suite
cd career-success-agent-suite
poetry install
```

## 💻 Usage

**NOTE**: This project was tested using MISTRAL's AI LLM, so make sure to add the MISTRAL_API_KEY in your environment.

To run the application, use the following command:

```bash
streamlit run app.py
```

Once the application is running, you can upload your CV and provide job information to get a personalized career report.

## 👥 Agents

### 🧑‍🏫 Industry Expert

The Industry Expert agent leverages industry standards and trends to provide insights on your career path. It helps you understand what is expected in your field and how you can meet or exceed those expectations.

### 📄 CV Analyzer

The CV Analyzer agent reviews your CV to highlight your strengths and identify areas that need improvement. It ensures your CV is tailored to the job opportunities you're interested in.

### 🗣️ Career Consultant

The Career Consultant agent offers personalized advice based on your profile analysis. It provides guidelines and actionable steps to enhance your career prospects, ensuring you have the best chance of success in your job search.

## 🧰 Technologies

This project utilizes the following technologies:

- **Python**: The core programming language.
- **CrewAI**: Framework for building a crew of AI agents.
- **Langchain**: Framework for building language model applications.
- **Streamlit**: Framework for creating a user-friendly web interface.

## 🤝 Contributing

We welcome contributions! If you'd like to contribute, please fork the repository and use a feature branch. Pull requests are warmly welcome.

1. Fork the repository
2. Create a feature branch (`git checkout -b feature-branch`)
3. Commit your changes (`git commit -am 'Add new feature'`)
4. Push to the branch (`git push origin feature-branch`)
5. Create a new Pull Request

## 📜 License

This project is licensed under the MIT License. See the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for more details.

## 📧 Contact

For any questions, feel free to reach out:

- Email: [reginaldo@live.com.pt](mailto:reginaldo@live.com.pt)
- GitHub: [RegiReis7](https://github.com/RegiReis7)

---

Thank you for using the Career Success Agent Suite! We hope it helps you achieve your career goals. 🚀
